#labels Phase-Implementation
=Small Ideas=

  # Format Button (better than always reloading from tree if you just need to format it)
  # Compress Button (same like format button here)
  # Un-/Quote keys in json string
  # Statusbar for editor panel
  # Show/Hide Code-Mirror at XML conversion
  # Format Button for XML conversion
  # Statusbar for XML editor


=Big Ideas=

  * *Tabbed Editor*
  A feature for opening "more" json strings. Tabbing the whole editor could be an idea. Every new tab a new instance of the editor.
.
  
  * *Compare 2 JSON strings*
  With the tab feature we could make it possible to compare two strings in an extra tab (like at netbeans).
.
  
  * *JSONlint/JSlinz*
  Include a validation method for JSON strings based on JSONlint http://www.jsonlint.com/ or JSlint http://www.jslint.com/
.
  
  * *XML Validator*
  XML validation (http://www.w3schools.com/xml/xml_validator.asp)
.
  
  * *csv2json and back*
  Existing ruby script: http://github.com/darwin/csv2json/tree/0436af721f5c46e0f7491d4b73df4d6a0e016e51 Based on this it would be wonderful getting a js script
.
  
  * *JSONpath*
  If you know XPath you know what JSONpath is... http://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/ A filter method inside the tree would be nice i think
.
  
  * *JsonML*
  JSON Markup Language. Could be nice if you can use it in the editor. Maybe as conversion or better as second accepted json syntax format. but than i need a parser and a syntax-highlight-parser too. http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/library/x-jsonml/ http://jsonml.org/